Docs-DG: Add exercises documentation (#330)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-T17-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

![AddAndEditCommandSequenceDiagram](images/AddAndEditCommandActivityDiagram.png)

### Adding, editing or deleting exercises for a client
FitBook enables our target user (personal trainers) to add, edit and delete custom exercises for each of their clients.

> The management of these custom exercises are performed using the `fitadd` and `fitdelete` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The management of these custom exercises is performed using the `fitadd` and `fitdelete` commands.
```

An exercise consists of a name, number of sets, number of reps and break time between sets (in seconds).

![ClientExercises](images/ClientExercises.png)

#### Storing exercises

> A great deal of consideration that was made regarding how the custom exercises should be stored for each client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A great deal of consideration was made regarding how the custom exercises should be stored for each client.
```

> The following data structures were taken in consideration during the brainstorming and design process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following data structures were taken into consideration during the brainstorming and design process.
```

1. ArrayList
1. Plain JSON without deserialization 
1. Java Set

The following factors were taken into consideration when selecting a suitable data structure.

- The requirement to store multiple exercises
- The requirement to easily detect duplicate exercises
- The requirement to flexibly modify the logic for detecting duplicate exercises

> Upon listing out our requirements, we found that Java `HashSet` to be the most suitable one, it implements the Java `Set` interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon listing out our requirements, we found that Java `HashSet` to be the most suitable one because it implements the Java `Set` interface.
```

> Apart from the `Set` interface exposing the `contains` method to check for duplicates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from this, the `Set` interface exposes the `contains` method to check for duplicates.
```

#### Detecting duplicate exercises

> Another point of consideration was with regard on how we should determine whether two exercises belonging to the same client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another point of consideration was with regard to how we should determine whether two exercises belonging to the same client
```

> is considered a duplicate since an exercise has multiple fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are considered duplicates since an exercise has multiple fields.
```

To keep it simple for our initial iterations, we decided to only use lower-cased exercise names to determine duplicates.

> However, this may be changed in the future. For example, the same exercise may have a different number of sets, reps and break for different

Reviewer: However, this may change in the future. For example, the same exercise may have different numbers of sets, reps, and break times for different days of the week

> However, this may be changed in the future. For example, the same exercise may have a different number of sets, reps and break for different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this may change in the future. For example, the same exercise may have different numbers of sets, reps, and break times for different days of the week
```

> days of the week. To modify the detection of duplicate exercises we can simply modify the logic for the `equals` method 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
days of the week. To modify the detection of duplicate exercises, we can simply modify the logic for the `equals` method 
```
